K Mize: Hi.
I'm Kimberly.
Moses Nasser: I'm Dr. Moses.
K Mize: Aaron. Hi.
Moses Nasser: Are you
K Mize: Good, how are you
Moses Nasser: Good, good. Okay.
Moses Nasser: What's your it's Kimberly Mize correct
Moses Nasser: Yes. Okay, what do you go by Kimberly or Kim.
Moses Nasser: Kimberly. Okay.
Moses Nasser: And what's your date of birth.
12 1079
Moses Nasser: Alrighty, and
Moses Nasser: What's your drug of choice.
K Mize: Opiates pills.
Moses Nasser: What specifically usually
K Mize: hydrocodone oxycodone Percocet.
K Mize: Them.
Moses Nasser: Cradle.
Moses Nasser: So how much are you still when's the last time you had an opiate
K Mize: Last
K Mize: Wednesday.
K Mize: I had crazy
K Mize: It was crazy. Yeah.
Okay.
K Mize: Yeah, I was using quite a bit of that about 166 capsules.
Moses Nasser: I think about
K Mize: Yeah, they're 500 milligrams each. So I think goes in like 500 grams.
Moses Nasser: Wow.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, you're clean days, January.
K Mize: You're clean days, January.
Moses Nasser: 3 good date.
Moses Nasser: That stuff. Yeah, since the last time you used was last Wednesday the 29th. Right.
K Mize: Yes. Yes, sir.
Moses Nasser: All right, cool.
Moses Nasser: January 30 20
Moses Nasser: So for the hydrocodone oxycodone, how much of that were you taking
K Mize: Yeah, January 30 I went through.
Moses Nasser: And I said, yeah, write down your queen day
K Mize: Oh, I did. I wrote it down. I forget everything. So I write stuff down but um I went through about 15 to 2010s in a day.
Moses Nasser: Okay so 10 milligram of oxycodone, like a Percocet.
K Mize: Yeah. Anywhere from yeah anywhere from 15 to 20 in the day.
Moses Nasser: 15 to 20 tablets per day. Okay. And how would you take it. Would you just like swallow pills.
Moses Nasser: Or you snorted smoke or early. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay, really just orally.
Moses Nasser: When's the last time you had bill.
K Mize: Okay so Wednesday of last week. It wasn't haha
Moses Nasser: Oh, sorry. You cut out for a second. Can you hear
K Mize: Me.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, I can hear you.
K Mize: Oh, okay.
K Mize: You said
Moses Nasser: Your videos, a little bit glitchy
Moses Nasser: No. Okay.
K Mize: Um, it would have been the Friday the Friday before the Wednesday. Okay, so I'd have to look at my calendar.
Moses Nasser: Either
Moses Nasser: Yeah. Does that make sense. Yeah. So January 24 would be the last use for opiate the opiate
K Mize: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay, very good. And how long were you taking them every day for this time. How long was your run
K Mize: I was either on pills are created them since November, or no, I'm sorry. Since
K Mize: Ah, October of last year.
Moses Nasser: October, November.
K Mize: December.
K Mize: Yeah. So for me, when I didn't have. Yeah, when I didn't have the pills, I take the cradle.
Um,
K Mize: Lot of them.
Okay.
K Mize: Yeah.
K Mize: pretty girls.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, that's okay. So we'll move forward. It's okay, and
K Mize: Yeah, little farmer.
Moses Nasser: Moving forward, um, so for month run. And how old were you when you first tried opiates.
K Mize: In my 20s. My first surgery that I had
K Mize: And that was probably 26
Moses Nasser: That's probably 2626 okay
K Mize: Any fashion any sex. Yeah, but I was hooked. From that moment on,
K Mize: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, so that was
K Mize: It for me.
Moses Nasser: Such a powerful drug
K Mize: Yeah. Yes.
Moses Nasser: The Opiates are crazy.
Yep.
Moses Nasser: Okay. And have you had about. So have you had significant periods of sobriety in between them.
K Mize: Yeah, I was on Suboxone for a really long time.
K Mize: Yeah 2009 until probably 2016
Moses Nasser: I didn't
K Mize: I didn't ever stopped Suboxone I was on Suboxone a little time and then I got this wild idea that I wanted to get off of it. So,
K Mize: I go down in dosage I'd get off of it. And then I'd get crazy wrestle slake withdrawal and go back on it. So, back and forth, back and forth for about four or five years and then
K Mize: I got off of it in January or no in the summer of 2017 and I had that's when I started getting really sick with the seizures and stuff. That's why I started getting f&e the neurological disorder I have
K Mize: So,
K Mize: From that point, I was taking opiates for pain because I had pain everywhere. I was having seizures, so I I had painkillers that were prescribed to me, but I would just go through them and then run out and be a withdrawal.
K Mize: So yeah, it's just been kind of a bunch of years of just back and forth.
K Mize: Using them not using I'm trying to stop.
K Mize: I think now I realized I'm good with Suboxone just just even even, you know, I don't think I can go without it because my brain is just feels like it's just changed.
K Mize: And I don't feel normal ever
K Mize: And I'm not on them, even for X. I've been off for extended periods of time. And I'm just a wreck.
K Mize: And I mean I got my master's degree on Suboxone I've had my kids through all of that and I was steady, like real doing very well.
Moses Nasser: Wow.
Yeah, so
Moses Nasser: You were on the Suboxone how many milligrams, were you taking
K Mize: anywhere from eight to 12 when I was audit steady. OK. And then my psychiatrist from about
K Mize: On he kept wanting me to get down to two milligrams. He wanted me on a maintenance dose of two milligrams
K Mize: And I'd get down to that and say what I would have cravings and and be very uncomfortable so
Moses Nasser: How long were you, how long would you be on the two milligrams for, like, Were you ever on the two milligrams for like a month or two, where you really
Moses Nasser: hardly got used to it and everything.
K Mize: And he was still be getting craving. Yeah.
K Mize: Yeah, I was I. Yes. And then I'd end up just taking more at the Suboxone and not telling him, because I was just
K Mize: I didn't, I didn't have a real good relationship with them as far as how I trusted him because he would make jokes and a sarcastic and rude about when I'd make a mistake or something and called me a hot mess and yeah and looking back, I should have suffered that relationship, a lot sooner.
K Mize: It was not a good working relationship for me. And he was very demeaning, and sometimes. Oh.
Moses Nasser: Sorry. So, yeah.
K Mize: Moving on, though.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, moving forward.
K Mize: Right.
K Mize: Oh, we can do
Moses Nasser: Yep. Amen. So let's see here.
Moses Nasser: Let's talk about hydrocodone oxycodone for a minute going to just some quick questions for diagnostic purposes. Yeah. Did you take more than you intended or over a longer period of time.
K Mize: Yes.
Moses Nasser: Yes. And did you did you have persistent unsuccessful efforts to cut down or control your use.
Yes.
Moses Nasser: It was a lot of time spent trying to get the medicine, use it or recover from its effects.
K Mize: Yes.
Moses Nasser: You have cravings.
Moses Nasser: Yes. And did it interfere with work, school or home.
Moses Nasser: Yes, it can give you personal problems.
Moses Nasser: Yes. And did you stop doing like activities that you enjoyed because of it. Yeah.
K Mize: I was in withdrawal. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay, and you had to take more to get the same effect and you get withdrawal symptoms if you stopped it right
Moses Nasser: Yes. So diagnose number one opioid use disorder severe hydrocodone oxycodone
Moses Nasser: And then
Moses Nasser: Other substance use disorder severe create him.
Moses Nasser: Okay, I know HIV or hepatitis.
K Mize: No.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: Now you said that you had this neurological disorder.
Moses Nasser: What is it called
K Mize: What's the neurologic functional neurological disorder.
Moses Nasser: That's what it's called.
Moses Nasser: Older logical. Yes.
K Mize: Functional neurological disorder.
Moses Nasser: And then you also have seizure disorder, or is the seizures.
K Mize: Seizures part of
Encompass
K Mize: It's gonna come piston FMT
Moses Nasser: Or that
K Mize: Formerly known as conversion disorder.
K Mize: But
K Mize: They're finding new new things about this disorder that they didn't know before like the brain changes and things like that.
Moses Nasser: Person learn this process of the nurses are there cannot be explained by medical email. Oh, I see.
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay, now. Um, have you been put on any medications for
Moses Nasser: fn V or for your seizures.
K Mize: Um, it's, there's no medications directly to treat it, but they treat the symptoms of it. So, depression, yes, I take select sense
K Mize: Restless well outside of fnb I have restless leg syndrome and peripheral neuropathy. So I take Lyrica for those two diagnoses.
K Mize: But for managing fnb it's it's more about cognitive behavior therapy.
K Mize: And learning how to cope with the stressors that are triggering events.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, for your peripheral Polly neuropathy. What has caused that you know what the causes for that.
K Mize: Its genetic my, my dad has it in his family members had it as well.
K Mize: My sister has it as well.
Moses Nasser: And the Lyrica helps you with that.
K Mize: Oh yeah, very much so.
Okay.
Moses Nasser: And what dosage of selects, are you on
K Mize: 40 milligrams
Moses Nasser: Okay, so that's good for your, your depression is pretty stable.
K Mize: Yeah. Yeah, as long as my opiate use a stable.
Moses Nasser: Yeah what dosage of Lyrica do you take
K Mize: About 400 anywhere between 304 hundred it's just
K Mize: I, I take 150 in the morning and 150 at night, and then I have 75 milligrams PRN if I need it.
K Mize: Got it. Yeah.
K Mize: And
Moses Nasser: You have a psychiatrist or your primary doctor neurologists to do you have following you.
K Mize: I have a primary care doctor in my town. Dr. Paul Lhasa
K Mize: Okay, and then I have neurology at Stanford here. Dr. Larson.
K Mize: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Awesome. All right. Excellent.
Moses Nasser: So,
Moses Nasser: Um, what else are you comfortable sharing spirituality
K Mize: My Word spirituality
Moses Nasser: Spirituality. Are you comfortable
K Mize: Yes, I'm Christian. Yeah. OK. OK.
Moses Nasser: I am too.
Moses Nasser: Are you good. All right. Good. Now some basic things. Some just to review of systems are you having like any severe headache blurry vision ringing in the ear, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach cramping.
Moses Nasser: swollen ankles, chest pain trouble breathing.
Moses Nasser: Anything like that.
K Mize: I just the FN V causes visual disturbances, like the
K Mize: Blurred vision trouble focusing
K Mize: And then I have tinnitus to
Moses Nasser: But yeah
K Mize: Okay.
Moses Nasser: All right, great. And you're able to take care of yourself, you're able to eat and feed yourself and shower and things like that.
K Mize: Yes, yes.
Moses Nasser: I'm normal physical exam.
Moses Nasser: Are you having. Do you have any thoughts about hurting yourself or anyone else.
K Mize: No, not anymore.
Moses Nasser: That's good.
K Mize: That's why I came here.
K Mize: Okay, yeah.
Moses Nasser: When's the last time you have you had suicidal ideations or have you attempted suicide in the past.
K Mize: I'm in my 20s, I had to society to have
K Mize: Now I just have sort of intrusive thoughts of self harm or
K Mize: Just not wanting to be here a generalized thoughts of
K Mize: You know, kind of a suicidal nature but not not intend to do it and I don't have any plan to do it. And I wouldn't do it.
K Mize: It's just the thoughts kind of pop into my head when I'm not wanting them to
Moses Nasser: So other than that, that either. No.
Moses Nasser: No, you're not thinking about how you would do it.
K Mize: No, no.
Moses Nasser: And you have a support system you have people, you know, yeah.
K Mize: Very much.
Like
K Mize: My boyfriend. I live with him and my kids.
K Mize: And then my dad. I talked to him every day and my sister. I talked to every day and I have a best friend that I talked to about four times a week.
K Mize: Also got good support.
Moses Nasser: Awesome. Um, how old are you kids.
K Mize: nine and eight.
K Mize: Nice. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: And your boyfriend doesn't use
K Mize: Now he's actually wanting to get on Suboxone
K Mize: He uses painkillers for his ms Multiple Sclerosis. Okay. Um, but we both are looking for him to find a doctor, he's a veteran. So he's having trouble getting a hooked up with the doctor.
K Mize: Because of his insurance but
K Mize: He's almost there, so that we don't have any painkillers at the house right now.
K Mize: But so yeah we're working on that for him. He very much wants to be able to not take them, but he's taken them for about two and a half years. Like legitimately taking them, you know,
K Mize: And he's just having trouble he doesn't want him because it's like a chronic pain. So he wants to get off of it and deal with it. Other ways
K Mize: Yeah yeah yeah
Moses Nasser: Did you have any major life traumas from the past, from your childhood that have kind of might be contributing to what's going on to choose.
K Mize: Yeah yeah
K Mize: I do. Um, I, my dad left when I was 1213 he was my best friend and
K Mize: And he left us and I have a relationship with them now, but
K Mize: So that's good. And then I had to really bad, really bad divorces
K Mize: And abusive ex husband and a rape in college. Well, so lots of
K Mize: troubling things
Moses Nasser: I'm sorry. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: I'm 147 three
Moses Nasser: Psalms 137 oh
K Mize: Okay, yeah.
Moses Nasser: The brokenhearted and binds up their wounds.
Moses Nasser: He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds.
Moses Nasser: Powerful that's his promise.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, that's his promise.
K Mize: Which one was that song. What
Moses Nasser: 147 first three
Moses Nasser: Okay.
K Mize: When I'm when I'm using I I get very far away from God, and my relationship.
K Mize: And it
K Mize: Becomes
K Mize: Hard to even want to look at the Bible or read the Bible because it's like, I know I'm just destructive right now.
Moses Nasser: You know, Excel.
To us
Moses Nasser: I have my own
Moses Nasser: Things.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, you know, we all have our things, you know,
K Mize: Yeah, we do. And
Moses Nasser: Yeah, so I get that.
K Mize: Yep.
Moses Nasser: Okay, what else, um,
Moses Nasser: So you haven't used in a week. Did you go to the emergency room and did they give you some Suboxone or did you detox what happened.
K Mize: I went to the emergency room and they admitted me. And then the second day, so I went Wednesday and then Thursday that addiction specialist came in and put me on Suboxone
K Mize: Okay, so, yeah.
K Mize: Okay, so I was in withdrawal.
K Mize: I wasn't withdrawal. I put myself into withdrawals. So I was hoping crossing my fingers that they would help me.
Moses Nasser: With it.
K Mize: Also that I yeah I took myself off the create them and then when it a little bit of withdrawal and then day that they put me on Suboxone some Thursday I was hurting pretty bad.
K Mize: Okay. And then, yeah.
Moses Nasser: How much, how much the box. Are you taking right now.
K Mize: I am on
K Mize: four milligrams and 1010 milligrams total
K Mize: four in the morning four milligrams in the morning four in the afternoon, and then to an evening.
K Mize: Okay, so
K Mize: They, they wanted me to do it that way because I like to take something
So,
K Mize: It works well for me to have it broken up.
K Mize: Rather than take the whole part in the morning.
Moses Nasser: Got it.
K Mize: Oh, yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay, and
K Mize: On that dosing
K Mize: Gives me something to look forward to. I'm sorry, what
Moses Nasser: Okay, well, yeah. So we want to shoot them. I'm sure you know, we'll, we'll shift that time, I know you know it's not the one of you looking forward to, obviously.
Moses Nasser: But I get it.
Moses Nasser: It's the drought.
Moses Nasser: It's not, you know, but yeah position stateside good yeah um
Moses Nasser: Are you having any cravings on the 10 milligrams a day.
Moses Nasser: No, not at all. So, you're good.
K Mize: Yeah, I, I mean, no. I had one one period this more this a couple hours ago where I was like, wanting create them for some reason. And I'm like, I don't even want that. But I thought of it.
K Mize: Is that a craving.
K Mize: Thinking about it.
Moses Nasser: How longer the last
K Mize: Maybe 30 seconds and then I was like,
K Mize: What are you doing,
K Mize: You know,
K Mize: And it's hard because it's so easily accessible.
K Mize: Um, now you just walk into a smoke shop and buy. It's like ridiculously easy to get
K Mize: Well, yeah, but I'm not going to do that.
Moses Nasser: You want to stay on the 10 milligrams a day, or do you want to just go up to the 12
K Mize: Um yeah i mean i think i mean i'm not drowsy not groggy at all. And so I could probably do 12 and do to two or two pills pills pills.
Moses Nasser: Right. Or you have to milligram pills.
K Mize: I have to milligram pills. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay, I give you the eight
Moses Nasser: So you just break it. Okay, just do three, you know, do a half of one, three times a day.
Moses Nasser: Okay, good.
K Mize: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay, yep. Um, have you used to any other drugs. Any other drugs of abuse.
K Mize: I'm back in my early, early college days, you know, cocaine dabbled with that and alcohol.
K Mize: Ecstasy
K Mize: I wasn't really. Oh, I mean, I guess, x is abusing it because it's an analytical truck. But it wasn't hooked on those if you know what I mean.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
K Mize: I could take them or leave them.
K Mize: It was, it was the opiates that we weren't
Moses Nasser: You weren't using them daily
K Mize: No. No, I was just partying, you know,
Moses Nasser: What about over the past year.
Moses Nasser: No.
No, nothing.
K Mize: Alcohol here in there. Yeah.
Moses Nasser: How much alcohol. Are you drinking
K Mize: I'm like couple glasses of wine, two, three glasses of wine, but not frequently, and I haven't been recently because it's not helpful for me and it really messes up my system like because the offending it causes my muscles to spasm and Twitch and
K Mize: Makes me depressed. So I really I have plans to stay away from all our morning
Moses Nasser: Okay, good.
Moses Nasser: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: I mean, I spoke about cross addictions and how you know all addictions, or go to the same place in your brain. So like
Moses Nasser: Your drink, you know, it makes you feel that little bit of a high and then I want to get high. You know, and so
Moses Nasser: One thing can lead to the other drug
Moses Nasser: I was not your drug addiction.
K Mize: Yes.
Moses Nasser: lead you to use
K Mize: Yes. And the other thing is I'm working on quitting smoking and if I drink that's really going to mess me up.
K Mize: Yeah, so I'm very motivated right now to not
K Mize: Not use anything that's going to hurt my system because I'm very sensitive now to everything.
Moses Nasser: Awesome.
Moses Nasser: Okay, yeah. Good. How much do you smoke.
K Mize: I was smoking between 10 or gap between 10 and 15 cigarettes a day.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
K Mize: So like half a pack little over half a pack. I don't know.
Moses Nasser: Well, we'll just say 10 to 15 cigarettes.
Moses Nasser: A DAY AND HOW ARE WE GO.
Moses Nasser: Have you been smoking for
K Mize: Um, since September of last year and then
K Mize: I smoked early like when I was younger, here and there.
K Mize: And then I just picked it back up because I was stressed.
K Mize: Okay, depressed.
K Mize: Yeah yeah
K Mize: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Do you have anxiety also
K Mize: Yes, I do. Do I have anxiety I am anxiety.
Moses Nasser: No, no, you're not even
Moses Nasser: Though
K Mize: You agree, yes I do.
Moses Nasser: Your child of God. That's a TR
Yes.
Moses Nasser: Your daughter of God. That's your identity.
K Mize: Yeah, thank you for saying that.
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: So are you doing as far as quitting smoking, are you using any nicotine replacement
K Mize: Yeah, I'm doing. They put me on a program for the patch and the GM. So the doctor and the
K Mize: Addiction specialist said to do the four channel on the 14 milligram now so I'm doing that for six weeks.
K Mize: And then the seven milligram for two weeks.
K Mize: And the whole time chewing the gum when needed.
K Mize: And then once I'm done with the patch. I still to the GM for
K Mize: Two to four weeks and then at the, at that point, I'm starting to switch alternate between one nicotine gum and then the next GM it too is a regular GM
K Mize: And then yeah intersperse them like that. So it's a very
K Mize: It's very much tapered
K Mize: Which is cool because I tend to get those
K Mize: I just I think it'll work for me. I'm very optimistic about it.
Moses Nasser: Excellent, yeah. When's the last time you smoked a cigarette.
K Mize: Wednesday of last week.
Moses Nasser: Was it last week. Excellent.
K Mize: Yeah, well I've been in the hospital so
K Mize: I can't. Yeah, but
Moses Nasser: All right, yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay. Excellent. Okay. Um, so, and then we talked. Oh, alcohol. So you said two three glasses of wine.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, often is that
K Mize: Um, maybe twice a month.
K Mize: It's really not straight away.
K Mize: Yeah, three times three for two or three times a month.
What about
Moses Nasser: Cannabis sees what about what
Moses Nasser: Cannabis Paul
K Mize: No, no, I used to
Moses Nasser: Yeah. When was the last time you smoked.
K Mize: Some time last year in the early, early last year it's been
Moses Nasser: About a year ago will say,
K Mize: Yeah. Yeah. And I didn't smoke. I did edibles. Hey, what
K Mize: Are you good. My boyfriend just got here.
Hello.
Moses Nasser: I'm Dr. Moses. Nice to meet you.
Moses Nasser: Yes. All right. So, um, I'll do you have Narcan at home.
Moses Nasser: Yes. Okay. You already have Narcan
Moses Nasser: And then, so I'll give you the prescription for four milligrams three times a day. So it's going to be an eight milligram pill. You're breaking it in half.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: It's important you know for everybody, education, you know, we just let everyone know that not to combine it with more opioids.
Moses Nasser: Alcohol benzodiazepines, any kind of downers
Moses Nasser: I was overdose and death.
K Mize: Okay.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so
Moses Nasser: Next up in had a ban.
Moses Nasser: All then like other opioids are more, you know,
Moses Nasser: Yeah, like oxycodone Narcos Creighton anything
Moses Nasser: Okay, alright.
K Mize: Sounds good.
All right.
Moses Nasser: We already went through those questions normal physical exam low key risk for suicide follow up in one week so you will be
Moses Nasser: Um, you know, I want to put you you could do. We could do the nine o'clock group with all the women or we could do.
Moses Nasser: 1130 group which kind of a mixed group with kind of some more mixed things going on. And I don't want to say advanced, but maybe
Moses Nasser: More advanced
K Mize: I get group therapy with this.
Moses Nasser: Well, when it is it's actually, it's, it's a group, Inc. And it's, yeah. It's, um, first I do a medication check for everybody.
Moses Nasser: And then after that. There's also a therapist in the group with us and so
Moses Nasser: Like one teaching point and go around and and talk
Moses Nasser: Very close going on. Yeah. So it's pretty cool.
K Mize: Yeah, and that's once a week.
Moses Nasser: That's every week and we do our groups on Monday mornings.
K Mize: Wow, okay. Nobody
Moses Nasser: You might be good at the
Moses Nasser: Well, I either the nine o'clock or the 1130 I think 30 would probably be a little bit better.
Moses Nasser: But nothing would be fine to either one, actually.
K Mize: Well, let's do the 1130
K Mize: And I can drink my coffee first
K Mize: Okay, yeah. Cool.
Moses Nasser: So I'll see you in 1130 group you already have your
Moses Nasser: Pharmacy in the system. Right.
K Mize: Yeah, Walgreens.
Moses Nasser: Let's make sure
Moses Nasser: What's your last name.
K Mize: My ice.
K Mize: Bud. I thought you were going to be one of the nurses, for having me. So when I turned around. I was like, throw more knows you know
K Mize: While we're here, but
K Mize: What is that
Moses Nasser: 1360 East Pacheco Boulevard.
Moses Nasser: Yes. Okay. Cool. So I have your. Okay, so then you're all set.
K Mize: Awesome.
Moses Nasser: You have any questions. Yeah, you're welcome.
K Mize: No. Oh, are you going to call that in now because there there's
Moses Nasser: A new one.
K Mize: Okay, so I'll wait to pick that up because they're the, I think they're giving me a scripts for seven days or something and they already called it in
Moses Nasser: I'm
Moses Nasser: Dancing STANFORD. STANFORD already called it
K Mize: Yeah, yeah. So do you want to wait to send mine off.
Moses Nasser: Do you win. So you have seven days from today until Monday, you're good.
Moses Nasser: You have
Moses Nasser: A for another week's worth
K Mize: I think that's what they said.
K Mize: I don't know for sure, but I know they called in a script for it because they said were, you know, can you pick it up over here. And I said, Yeah.
Moses Nasser: I'm just going to send mine in anyway.
K Mize: Okay, and then I worst case. I just can't. I'll pick it up in a couple days when it's do
K Mize: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Moses Nasser: Just call the pharmacy and ask them when you, when you'll be able to pick
K Mize: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you.
K Mize: Well,
K Mize: I'll see you on Monday. Then
Moses Nasser: I'll see you next Monday.
K Mize: Okay, cool.
Moses Nasser: Thanks, guys.
K Mize: Bye. God bless you too. Bye.
Thank you.